So let's go ahead
and practice placement groups.
To this, on the left hand side,
I'm going to scroll down
and find under network and security,
the placement groups option.
And I will go ahead and create a placement group.
So the first one is going to be my-high-performance-group.
And as you can guess, the placement strategy
for this one is going to be cluster,
because we want instances
to be very close to each other
so that they have maximum network capability.
The second thing is going to be my-critical-group.
And for this one,
the placement strategy is going to be spread,
because we want instances
to be distributed as much as possible.
And you can set the spread level to rack,
which is a default,
or host, which is outpost only,
but we don't use outpost.
So for now we'll just use rack,
which is what we should know about.
Okay. So this critical group has been done
And finally, we have my-distributed-group.
And this one, as you can guess,
is going to be for the partition type.
And here we have the choice
between one, two, seven partitions.
For example, I can set four, and create this group.
So the three groups have been created.
And now, to just launch an instance in a group,
you click on launch instances.
And now, when you scroll down, at the very bottom,
under the advanced details, you can have a setting
for right here, the placement group name,
and you can select between my-critical-group,
my-distributor-group,
or my-high-performance-group
based on your placement group strategy.
So that's it. It's a very short lecture,
but now you know where the options are.
I hope you liked it.
And I will see you in the next lecture.